# Goals implementation - Explained

I will explain what I have implemented for each goal separately

1. **Improve Client Personality Emulation**  
    First I've converted the examples from conversations.json into dspy.Example objects and saved them inside the ChatterModule. Then I implemented the function 'optimize' inside the ChatterModule, which uses KNNFewShot optimizer to improve the responder module. The examples are used as train data and test data, in a proportion of 20/80 (took this number from the DSPY docs: https://dspy.ai/learn/optimization/overview/).

2. **Incorporate Context Awareness** 
    For this goal I've added 2 new things: ChatMetadata, which is also included as a new input field in the Responder signature; and a timestamp when each message was sent on a ChatMessage. The ChatMetada can include various information, but for this simple takehome I only included the time the conversation has started. With this information we can then determine when the conversation has started, the current time and how long the conversation has been going for. In the responder signature I modified the prompt to be aware of this information.

3. **Topic Filtering**  
    For this goal I added a new module (FilterModule) and signature (FilterSignature). The purpose of the module is to ensure that the final message avoids specific topics that may not be suitable by keeping responses free of mentions of social media platforms (except OnlyFans) and interactions suggesting in-person meetings with fans. The signature takes as input the message generated by the ResponderModule and filters it. The output is the exact final message that will be sent to the fan.

4. **Further Product Enhancements**
    I've implemented 1 enhacement, sentimeny analysis. For this I added a new module (SentimentModule) and signature (SentimentSignature). The purpose of the module is to determine the sentiment/vibe of the conversation based on the chat history. The output of the signature represents a sentiment. The sentiment is then used in the responder module/signature. The responder prompt has been modified to take into consideration the current sentiment/vibe of the fan/conversation.


**Work time**: It took me longer than 2-3 hours. I am totally new to DSPy and took my time to learn and try to understand it a bit before going into the assignment. I would estimate the total time around 6-7 hours.